"Redactum Skullus:Shrinks the head of the target.",
"Reducio:Makes a target shrink in size.",
"Reducto:Breaks objects. In stronger usages... disintegrates them.",
"Refilling Charm:Refills whatever the caster points at with the drink originally in the container.",
"Relashio:Forces the target to release its grip on whatever it is holding.",
"Rennervate:Awakens an unconscious victim. It is consequently the counter-charm to the Stunning Spell.",
"Reparifarge:Reverses the effects of an incomplete Transformation spell.",
"Reparifors:Reverts minor magically-induced ailments (such as paralysis and poisoning).",
"Reparo:Seamlessly repairs broken objects and sturctures.",
"Repello Inimicum:a charm that (when cast in combination with Protego Maxima and Fianto Duri) conjured up a barrier of magical protection around the place the caster is trying to protect.Bodies crossing the boundaries of the barrier of this spell disintegrated on the spot and spells cast at it if they are unable to break the barrier.",
"Repello Muggletum:Keeps Muggles away from wizarding places by causing them to remember important meetings they missed and to cause the Muggles in question to forget what they were doing.",
"Revelio:A charm used to reveal concealed objects and invisible things (along passages or any other secretly written messages and hidden markings).",
"Reverte:Returns objects to their original positions or states.",
"Rictusempra:Tickles the target until they become weak with laughter.",
"Riddikulus:A spell used when fighting a Boggart. It forces the Boggart to take the appearance of an object the caster is focusing on.",
"Salvio Hexa:A protective enchantment which deflects hexes from the area.",
"Sardine Spell:Makes the victim sneeze out sardines.",
"Scorching Spell:Produces dancing flames which presumably scorch the opponent.",
"Scourgify:A cleaning charm used for washing things. It could also be used to clean out smaller infestations of bundimun.",
"Sea Urchin Jinx:a jinx that transfigured the target victim into something similar to a sea urchin - with tiny spikes erupting all over the victim's body. It apparently created awful discomfort in the target.",
"Sectumsempra:Lacerates the target - as if they have been *slashed by a sword*. Subsequently... the target can easily bleed to death from the wounds.",
"Shield Penetration Spell:produces a powerful bluish-white bolt that could be used to break large magical protections such as Protego horribilis.",
"Shooting Spell:Used to shoot a target. Small explosion with a gunshot-sound. Weaker and more controlled version of Expulso.",
"Smashing Spell:Releases a burst of blue light - which caused a huge explosion that ravaged and devastated everything in its range. Additionally... it could be used to smash windows.",
"Serpensortia:Conjures a serpent from the caster's wand.",
"Silencio:Makes something or someone silent.",
"Skurge:Cleans up ectoplasm and frightens ghosts and other spirits.",
"Slippery Jinx:Makes an object slippery and difficult to hold.",
"Slugulus Eructo:Forces the victim to burp up slimy slugs.",
"Snowfall Spell:A stronger version of the Snowflake-making spell that created snowstorms.",
"Snowflake Making Spell:A Weather-Modifying Charm that creates snow.",
"Sonorus:Makes the target sound louder.",
"Specialis Revelio:Reveals spells cast on objects or potions.",
"Sponge Knees Curse:Makes the target's legs spongy - making it difficult for them to walk.",
"Spongify:Softens objects - making them rubbery and bouncy.",
"Stealth Sensory Spell:A charm that detects those trying to enter an area by stealth through magical means.",
"Stella Cascadia:Creates a shower of stars. It could also be used on Portraits.",
"Sternius:A spell that causes the victim to sneeze for a short period of time. This spell is used in duelling to distract the opponent.",
"Stinging Hex:Used to sting the victim's flesh - producing a red brand like a scorch mark and causing swelling.",
"Stretching Jinx:Stretches the target.",
"Stupefy:Stuns the target - rendering them unconscious.",
"Surgito:Counter-charm that can be used to remove enchantments.",
"Switching Spell:Switches two targets simultaneously. Can be used on humans at short distances.",
"Tail Growing Spell:Causes the victim to grow a tail.",
"Tarantallegra:Makes a target's legs spasm wildly out of control - making it appear as though they are dancing.",
"Teleportation Spell:Vanishes objects which then appear elsewhere.",
"Tempest:An atmospheric jinx that causes bolts of lightning to strike from a cloudy sky at the target.It can blow a combination of clouds/wind/rain/hail/lightning from the caster's wand.",
"Tentaclifors:Transfigures the target's head into a tentacle.",
"Tergeo:Incantation of a cleaning spell used to siphon liquids such as blood/dust/grease and to clean objects.",
"Titillando:Tickles and weakens the victim.",
"Transmogrifian Torture:Tortures possibly by transfiguring the target to death.",
"Tripping Jinx:Forces the target to trip and fall over.",
"Twitchy Ears Hex:Causes the victim's ears to twitch.",
"Umbrella Spell:A charm that created a magical umbrella - shielding the caster from the rain.",
"Unbreakable Charm:Makes objects unbreakable.",
"Unbreakable Vow:Causes a vow taken by a witch or wizard to be inviolable. If they should break it... the consequence is death. Leaves a thread like magical mark on the arms of the involved. Never attempt this if not willing to suffer consequences (if any).",
"Unsupported Flight:Allows a witch or wizard to fly through the air unaided. Currently... this is a IRP taught spell only by admins. Stay tuned to quests to learn it.",
"Ventus:Shoots a jet of strong spiralling wind from the tip of the wand. Stronger versions are Ventus Duo and Tria.",
"Vera Verto:Turn animals to water goblets.",
"Verdimillious:Produces a jet of green sparks that can be used in duelling - or to reveal things hidden by dark magic.",
"Vermiculus:Transforms targets into worms.",
"Vermillious:Jet of red sparks that can be used to signal an emergency or as a minor duelling spell.",
"Vipera Evanesca:Vanishes snakes. Counter spell for Serpensortia.",
"Vulnera Sanentur:Healing spell that slows blood flow then clears residue and knits wounds. This must be rolled for THREE times. One per purpose.",
"Waddiwasi:Used to shoot small and soft masses of whatever the caster so desires at the target in high speeds.",
"Wingardium Leviosa:Makes objects fly or levitate. This cannot be used in humans."
