"Aberto:A spell used to open doors.",
"Accio:Summons an object towards the caster. People can be summoned via clothes",
"Aethereum Penicillo:Creates an ethereal pencil or brush that can write/draw/paint what the user mentally commands.",
"Age Line:Prevents people above or below a certain age from access to a target.",
"Aguamenti:Produces a clean and drinkable jet of water from the wand tip.",
"Alarte Ascendare:Shoots the target high into the air.",
"Alohomora:Unlocks doors and other locked objects.",
"Amato Animo Animato Animagus:Spell used as part of the process of becoming an Animagus. Use `/menu` to check more about the animagus process.",
"Anapneo:Clears the target's airway if they are choking on something.",
"Anteoculatia:Causes the target to grow antlers.",
"Anti Disapparition Jinx:Prevents Disapparation in an area. It is used to entrap an enemy in an area.",
"Anti Intruder Jinx:Prevents intruders from entering an area.",
"Aparecium:Reveals secret messages written in invisible ink or any other hidden markings. Also works against Concealing charms.",
"Appare Vestigium:A charm that reveals and illuminates traces of recent magical activity and showed magical footprints and track marks in an area.",
"Apparition:Magically transports the caster to another location instantaneously. The destination is one that the primary user has been to or seen in some fashion previously.",
"Aqua Eructo:This spell is used to create and control a jet of clear water from the tip of the wand.",
"Arania Exumai:Drives away common spiders and Acromantulas. It leaves scorching marks",
"Arresto Momentum:Decreases the velocity of a moving target. Can be used on multiple targets and on the caster themselves too.",
"Arrow shooting Spell:Fires arrows from the caster's wand.",
"Ascendio:Lifts the caster high into the air. The charm also works underwater by propelling the caster above the surface.",
"Atmospheric Charm:Modifies or creates certain weather conditions.",
"Aurarios Vapos:Also known as Limbo Mist. It is an odd-looking golden mist that floated a few feet above the ground. The mist appeared to reverse the effects of gravity. Individuals caught up in the mist felt that they were hanging upside down from the ground.",
"Avada Kedavra:Causes instantaneous death. It is accompanied by a flash of green light and a rushing noise. Check `/menu` (advanced) or `!info Unforgivables` for more.",
"Avenseguim:Turns an object into a tracking device.",
"Avifors:Transforms the target into a bird.",
"Avis:Conjures a flock of birds from the tip of the wand. It can be used offensively with Oppugno.",
"Babbling Curse:Causes uncontrollable babbling.",
"Bat Bogey Hex:Transforms the target's bogeys into large bats that fly out of the victim's nose.",
"Baubillious:Produces a bolt of white light from the tip of the wand. More powerful versions are Baubillious Duo/Tria",
"Backfiring Jinx:A jinx that backfires spells onto their casters. Works with Crucio and Imperio too.",
"Brachiabindo:Used to bind an opponent with invisible chords.",
"Bedazzling Hex:Used to disguise things and effectively make them invisible.",
"Bewitched Snowballs:Causes snowballs to pelt themselves at the target.",
"Blood Pact:Also known as a blood troth or Oath. A type of magically binding agreement between two parties who shared their blood. The created via from the pact is seemingly indestructible with few exceptions.",
"Bluebell Flames:Produces magical blue flames that can be held in a jar. These magical flames can be touched and penetrated and held without it burning the holder. Known to singe materials such as clothing and plants though.",
"Bombarda:Provokes a small explosion. Bombarda Maxima creates bigger explosions that can remove walls.",
"Brackium Emendo:It is claimed that this spell will heal broken bones",
"Bravery Charm:Increases the bravery of a teammate and increases their performance against certain foes.",
"Bridge Conjuring Spell:Conjure a bridge from thin air.",
"Hurling Hex:Used to make broomsticks try to throw their riders off through a variety of means such as sudden lurches and violent swishing movements. Constant eye contact is needed for the jinx to keep working.",
"Bubblehead Charm:Produces a large bubble of air around the head of the user. It is commonly used as the supernatural equivalent of a breathing set.",
"Bubble Spell:Produces a stream of non-bursting bubbles from the wand tip.",
"Calvorio:Removes the victim's hair.",
"Cantis:Causes the victim to burst uncontrollably into song.",
"Capacious Extremis:Expands the internal dimensions of an object without affecting the external dimensions. Enhances its capacity. Renders its contents lighter. Ministry regulated for suitcases and trunks. Can be used on SMALL scale by students.",
"Carpe Retractum:Produces a rope of light used to pull objects towards the caster. It can also pull the caster towards the solid and heavy targets.",
"Cascading Jinx:A jinx used to attacking multiple opponents in close proximity to each other. The spell erupts into an explosion and hits everything within the range set by the caster.",
"Cave Inimicum:Produces a boundary that kept the caster hidden from view. Those who were on the other side of the shield were not be able to see/hear/smell them.",
"Celescere:Causes plants within a greenhouse to grow at an accelerated rate.",
"Cheering Charm:Makes the target feel happy. Overuse of the spell may cause the target to break into an uncontrollable laughing fit.",
"Circumrota:Rotates objects.",
"Cistem Aperio:Opens chests and boxes.",
"Colloportus:Locks doors and all things that can be locked.",
"Colloshoo:Sticks the target's shoes to the ground.",
"Colovaria:hanges the target's colour or style.",
"Confringo:Produces a fiery explosion.",
"Confundo:Causes the victim to become confused and befuddled.",
"Conjunctivitis Curse:Causes irritation in the eyes and forces them to swell shut.",
"Cracker Jinx:This spell is used to conjure exploding wizard crackers. It can be used in duelling to harm the opponent. The force of the explosion may also affect the caster though.",
"Crinus Muto:Used to transfigure the colour and style of one's hair.",
"Crucio:Inflicts intense pain on the recipient of the curse. This curse does not physically harm the victim but may in extreme cases drive them insane. Check `/menu` (advanced) or `!info Unforgivables` for more.",
"Cushioning Charm:Also known as Molliare.",
"Defodio:Allows the caster to dig and carve through the target.",
"Deletrius:A charm that could disintegrate certain objects and served as the counter-charm to the Reverse Spell (vanishing the shadow emitted from the wand).",
"Densaugeo:This hex causes the victim's teeth to grow rapidly.",
"Deprimo:Charm used to blast holes in the ground.",
"Depulso:Sends the target (human or object) away from the caster.",
"Descendo:Causes objects to fall or move downwards. It can make people be slammed downwards against the floor.",
"Deterioration Hex:Impairs foes and reduces their stamina. It annuls the use of all items for __3 turns__ in OOC terms.",
"Diffindo:Used to precisely cut or tear objects.",
"Diminuendo:Forces the target to shrink.",
"Dissendium:Used to open passages.",
"Disillusionment Charm:Causes the target to blend seamlessly in with its surroundings (like a chameleon).",
"Draconifors:Transforms the target into a dragon.",
"Drought Charm:Causes puddles and ponds to dry up. Though not powerful enough to drain a body of water like a lake.",
"Ducklifors:Transforms the target into a duck.",
"Duro:Turns a target into stone."
