"Ears to Kumquats Spell:This spell transforms the victim's ears into kumquats (citrus fruit).",
"Ear shrivelling Curse:Causes the target's ears to shrivel up.",
"Ebublio:Causes the victim to be trapped in a large bubble.",
"Emancipare:Release bindings. It acted as the counter-charm to Fulgari/Brachiabindo/Incarcerous Spells.",
"Engorgio:Causes the target to swell in physical size. Its counter-charm is the Shrinking Charm.",
"Engorgio Skullus:Causes the victim's skull to swell disproportionately.",
"Entomorphis:This jinx is used to transform the target into an insectoid for a short time.",
"Entrail Expelling Curse:Expels victim's entrails.",
"Episkey:Used to heal relatively minor injuries (such as broken bones and cartilage).",
"Epoximise:Adheres one object to another (as if they had been glued together).",
"Erecto:Used to erect a tent or other upright structure or material.",
"Evanesco:Vanishes the target. Vanished things go into non-being (which is to say - everything).",
"Everte Statum:Throws the victim backward (similarly to being thrown).",
"Expecto Patronum:This charm is a highly powerful and advanced protective spell which will conjure a spirit guardian of their positive emotions to defend against dark creatures. It can also send messages to other witches or wizards. Check `!info Patronus` for more.",
"Expelliarmus:Forces whatever an opponent is holding to fly out of their hand.",
"Expulso:Provokes an explosion. It uses pressure to do so as opposed to heat.",
"Extinguishing Spell:Puts out fires. Only counter against dragon fire.",
"False Memory Spell:Implants a fake memory in the victim without them realising it was not originally theirs.",
"Feather Light Charm:Makes an object light as a feather.",
"Ferula:Conjures up bandages and wraps them around a wound and splints any broken bones.",
"Fianto Duri:A defensive charm which strengthens shield spells and perhaps objects in general (in a similar way to Duro).",
"Fidelius Charm:An immensely complex charm used to hide secret information within the soul of the charm's recipient (who is called a Secret-Keeper). The information is irretrievable unless the Secret-Keeper willingly chooses to reveal it (and only the aforementioned person can do so). Check `/menu` (advanced) for more.",
"Fiendfyre:Unleashes cursed fire that takes the shape of animals that actively seek out living targets and burn anything in its path (including nearly indestructible substances such as horcruxes). This fire is made even more dangerous due to the fact that it is extremely difficult to control and cannot be extinguished with normal or enchanted water. Check `/menu` (advanced) for more.",
"Finestra:Shatters glass.",
"Finite Incantatem:Terminates all spell effects in the vicinity of the caster.",
"Finger Removing Jinx:Removes a person's fingers.",
"Firestorm:Produces a LARGE ring of fire from the wand.",
"Flagrante Curse:Causes objects to burn on contact.",
"Flagrate:Writes in midair with firey marks.",
"Flame Freezing Charm:Causes fire to tickle those caught in it instead of burning them.",
"Flintifors:Transforms objects into matchboxes.",
"Flipendo:A jinx that knocks the target backwards. More powerful versions are Flipendo Duo/Tria/Maxima.",
"Flying Charm:This spell is cast on broomsticks and flying carpets to allow them to fly.",
"Fulgari:A charm that produces vicious and luminous cords that bind an opponent's arms.",
"Fumos:Defensive smokescreen that hinders visibility. More powerful version is Fumos Duo.",
"Furnunculus:Covers the target in boils (or pimples).",
"Fur Spell:Causes fur to grow on the victim.",
"Geminio:Duplicates the target. When used to duplicate objects indefinitely on purpose - it is known as the Geminio Curse.",
"Glacius:Freezes the target with icy-cold air. More powerful versions are Glacius Duo/Tria.",
"Glisseo:Causes the steps on a stairway to flatten into a slide.",
"Gripping Charm:Helps someone or something grip a target more effectively.",
"Gytrash Conjuring spell:Conjures luminous green Gytrashes from the wand (which can be commanded by the caster to attack an opponent).",
"Hair Thickening Charm:Thickens the victim's hair.",
"Harmonia Nectere Passus:Repairs a Vanishing Cabinet.",
"Herbifors:This spell causes flowers to sprout from a target.",
"Herbivicus:Rapidly grows plants.",
"Homing Spell:Offensive spells that follow their target with a constant speed after being cast. It can stun on impact.",
"Homenum Revelio:Reveals human presence in the vicinity of the caster.",
"Homonculous Charm:Tracks the movements of human beings. The charm has a powerful effect in that it is not fooled by various methods of concealment and disguise such as invisibility cloaks/Polyjuice Potion/Animagi.",
"Homorphus Charm:Causes a Werewolf to revert back to human shape.",
"Horn Tongue Hex:Transforms the target's tongue into a horn.",
"Horcrux Making Spell:This spell allows a part of a wizard's soul to pass into an object (thereby making the object a Horcrux). One has to commit murder and take advantage of the soul's *splitting apart* by this supreme act of evil in order to be able to perform this spell. It is very complex. Failure results in death. Check with Admins for permission.",
"Hot Air Charm:Conjures a stream of hot air.",
"Illegibilus:Makes writing/text impossible to read.",
"Immobulus:Immobilises and stops the actions of the target. It works both on living and inanimate things.",
"Impedimenta:Slows down or stops the target.",
"Imperio:Places the victim completely under the caster's control. The victim is put into a trance-like state and becomes very suggestible to the commands of the caster. Those who are strong willed may learn to resist it. Check `/menu` (advanced) or `!info Unforgivables` for more.",
"Imperturbable Charm:Creates an invisible magical barrier on a target (human or object). This barrier bounces objects off of it and muffles sounds.",
"Impervius:Makes a target (human or object) repel water and mist.",
"Inanimatus Conjurus:Used to conjure an inanimate object.",
"Incarcerous:Ties up the target with ropes conjured from thin air.","Incarcifors:Transfigures an object into a suitable prison for a nearby creature - allowing it to capture or imprison the victim.",
"Incendio:Produces fire. More powerful versions are Incendio Duo/Tria.",
"Inflatus:Inflates the target - filling it with air.",
"Instant Scalping Hex:Instantly scalps all the hair off of a target."]
$endIf

$if[$getOption[library]==Library (J-Q)]
$let[def;"Jelly Legs Curse:Causes the victim's legs to collapse as if they were turned to jelly. It nulls every Physique related item and action for 3 turns.",
"Jelly Brain Jinx:Reduces the target's mental processes. It nulls every Wisdom and Spells related item and action for 3 turns.",
"Jelly Fingers Curse:Causes target's fingers to become wobbly and make it uneasy for the victim to grasp objects. It nulls every Skill related item and action for 3 turns.",
"Knee Reversal Hex:A hex that causes the victim's knees to reverse position from the front of their legs (where they were supposed to be located) to the back.",
"Lacarnum Inflamari:Shoots a fireball from caster’s wan.",
"Langlock:Sticks a victim's tongue to the roof of their mouth.",
"Lapifors:Transforms the target into a rabbit/mice/rat.",
"Leek Jinx:Makes leeks sprout out of the target's ears.",
"Legilimens:Allows the caster to delve into the mind of the victim (allowing the caster to see the memories/thoughts/emotions of the victim). Use `/menu` (advanced) for more info.",
"Levicorpus:Hoists people up into the air by their ankle.",
"Levioso:A charm that levitates objects. It can also be used to levitate people in duelling.",
"Liberacorpus:The counter-jinx to Levicorpus. It can be used with other levitation charms.",
"Lightning Spell:Shoots a thick bolt of blinding white lightning into the sky - along with a slight crackling noise as high amounts of electricity tend to produce.",
"Locomotor:Allows a witch or wizard to levitate a target a few inches off of the ground and then move said object in any given direction. Similarly to the Summoning Charm - a specific object can be moved by calling the object aloud after saying the incantation.",
"Locomotor Mortis:Sticks a target's legs together.",
"Lumos:Illuminates the tip of the caster's wand - allowing the caster to see in the dark. More power versions are Lumos Duo/Maxima/Solemn.",
"Melofors:Encases the victim's head in a pumpkin.",
"Memory Extraction Spell:Removes single specific memories from one's own or another person's mind and place them in a Pensieve or a flask for storage or if they wish to see the memory again. Not to be used lightly as memory can be lost if not store correctly.",
"Meteolojinx Recanto:Causes weather effects caused by jinxes to cease.",
"Mimblewimble:Ties the target's tongue in a knot (preventing them from making coherent speech) or saying incantations correctly (making it useful in duels).",
"Mobiliarbus:Levitates objects a few inches off of the ground and moves them in any given direction.",
"Mobilicorpus:Levitates and moves human targets.",
"Mucus ad Nauseam:Gives the victim a nasty cold and an extremely runny nose that can cause the victim to collapse if it is not treated. The cold is accompanied with constant sneezing.",
"Muffliato:Prevents others from hearing nearby conversations by filling peoples' ears with an unidentifiable buzzing.",
"Multicorfors:Multicorfors is a charm used to change the colour and style of one's clothing.",
"Nebulus:Creates thick fog from the tip of the wand.",
"Nox:Extinguishes wandlight. It the counter-charm for the Wand-Lighting Charm (Lumos).",
"Oculus Reparo:Mends eyeglasses. Temporarily mends eyesight too.",
"Obliteration Charm:A charm used to remove footprints (including imprints or stains).",
"Obliviate:Erases specific memories. Not a spell to cast lightly. Use `/menu` (advanced) for more.",
"Obscuro:Blindfolds the target.",
"Occlumency:The magic of closing one's mind against Legilimency. It was ancient and had existed since medieval times. It could prevent a Legilimens from accessing one's thoughts and feelings or influencing them. Effective against Imperius Curse and Veritaserum too.Use `/menu` (advanced) for more info.",
"Oppugno:Causes targeted objects to attack a victim.",
"Orb of Water:Also known as Hydrokinetic Spell. A charm that could trap an opponent in a large sphere of water. The spell required continuous sculpting and spinning to be maintained. A lack of concentration would cause the sphere to collapse.",
"Orbis:Sucks the target into the ground.",
"Orchideous:Conjures a bouquet of flowers or flowers in general.",
"Oscuasi:Seal someone's mouth shut. It makes it appear like a mouth was never there.",
"Papyrus Reparo:Mends torn pieces of paper.",
"Patented Daydream Charm:Gives the spell caster a highly-realistic 30-minute daydream. Side effects include mild drooling and a vacant expression.",
"Partis Temporus:Creates a temporary gap in the target. Helpful against Fiendfyre and Firestorm and Orb of Water.",
"Pepper Breath:Gives the victim fiery hot breath.",
"Per Motus:Spell conjures an omni-directional shockwave to stun all opponents in a small radius.",
"Periculum:Produces a burst of red sparks.",
"Permanent Sticking Charm:Sticks objects permanently in place.",
"Petrificus Totalus:Used to temporarily bind the victim's body in a position much like that of a soldier at attention. The victim will usually fall to the ground.",
"Piertotum Locomotor:A spell that could be used to bring inanimate objects to life. Used to animate statues and suits of armour.",
"Piscifors:Transforms the target into fish.",
"Placement Charm:Magically places an object in or on a specific location.",
"Point Me:Makes the caster's wand point due north towards a desired location or target.",
"Portus:Turns an object into a portkey.",
"Prior Incantato:Prior Incantato was a charm that forced a wand to show an "echo" of the last spell it had performed. Priori Incantatem (otherwise known as the *reverse spell effect*) was an especially rare manifestation of this spell that occurred when two wands with the same core (that was taken from the same animal) attempted to duel each other. The winner's wand forced the loser's wand to produce "echoes" of the most recent spells performed in reverse order.",
"Protean Charm:Causes copies of an object to be remotely affected by changes made to the original. Use `/menu` (advanced) to learn more.",
"Pullus:Transforms things into chickens.",
"Protego:Invisible shield that reflects spells and blocks physical entities.",
"Protego Diabolica:Conjures a protective ring of black fire around the caster that only affects their enemies. Use `/menu` (advanced) to learn more.",
"Protego Horribilis:A powerful shield charm against dark magic.",
"Protego Maxima:A powerful shield charm against dark magic. A stronger and bigger version of Protego (especially when combined with other wizards casting it at the same time). Was so powerful that it could also disintegrate people that came too close and tried to enter it.",
"Protego Totalum:Protects an area for an extended period of time.",
"Pus Squirting Spell:Causes yellowish goo to squirt from one's nose.",
"Quietus:Makes a target sound quieter. It is the counter-charm to the Amplifying Charm (Sonorus)."
