"Jelly Legs Curse:Causes the victim's legs to collapse as if they were turned to jelly. It nulls every Physique related item and action for 3 turns.",
"Jelly Brain Jinx:Reduces the target's mental processes. It nulls every Wisdom and Spells related item and action for 3 turns.",
"Jelly Fingers Curse:Causes target's fingers to become wobbly and make it uneasy for the victim to grasp objects. It nulls every Skill related item and action for 3 turns.",
"Knee Reversal Hex:A hex that causes the victim's knees to reverse position from the front of their legs (where they were supposed to be located) to the back.",
"Lacarnum Inflamari:Shoots a fireball from caster’s wan.",
"Langlock:Sticks a victim's tongue to the roof of their mouth.",
"Lapifors:Transforms the target into a rabbit/mice/rat.",
"Leek Jinx:Makes leeks sprout out of the target's ears.",
"Legilimens:Allows the caster to delve into the mind of the victim (allowing the caster to see the memories/thoughts/emotions of the victim). Use `/menu` (advanced) for more info.",
"Levicorpus:Hoists people up into the air by their ankle.",
"Levioso:A charm that levitates objects. It can also be used to levitate people in duelling.",
"Liberacorpus:The counter-jinx to Levicorpus. It can be used with other levitation charms.",
"Lightning Spell:Shoots a thick bolt of blinding white lightning into the sky - along with a slight crackling noise as high amounts of electricity tend to produce.",
"Locomotor:Allows a witch or wizard to levitate a target a few inches off of the ground and then move said object in any given direction. Similarly to the Summoning Charm - a specific object can be moved by calling the object aloud after saying the incantation.",
"Locomotor Mortis:Sticks a target's legs together.",
"Lumos:Illuminates the tip of the caster's wand - allowing the caster to see in the dark. More power versions are Lumos Duo/Maxima/Solemn.",
"Melofors:Encases the victim's head in a pumpkin.",
"Memory Extraction Spell:Removes single specific memories from one's own or another person's mind and place them in a Pensieve or a flask for storage or if they wish to see the memory again. Not to be used lightly as memory can be lost if not store correctly.",
"Meteolojinx Recanto:Causes weather effects caused by jinxes to cease.",
"Mimblewimble:Ties the target's tongue in a knot (preventing them from making coherent speech) or saying incantations correctly (making it useful in duels).",
"Mobiliarbus:Levitates objects a few inches off of the ground and moves them in any given direction.",
"Mobilicorpus:Levitates and moves human targets.",
"Mucus ad Nauseam:Gives the victim a nasty cold and an extremely runny nose that can cause the victim to collapse if it is not treated. The cold is accompanied with constant sneezing.",
"Muffliato:Prevents others from hearing nearby conversations by filling peoples' ears with an unidentifiable buzzing.",
"Multicorfors:Multicorfors is a charm used to change the colour and style of one's clothing.",
"Nebulus:Creates thick fog from the tip of the wand.",
"Nox:Extinguishes wandlight. It the counter-charm for the Wand-Lighting Charm (Lumos).",
"Oculus Reparo:Mends eyeglasses. Temporarily mends eyesight too.",
"Obliteration Charm:A charm used to remove footprints (including imprints or stains).",
"Obliviate:Erases specific memories. Not a spell to cast lightly. Use `/menu` (advanced) for more.",
"Obscuro:Blindfolds the target.",
"Occlumency:The magic of closing one's mind against Legilimency. It was ancient and had existed since medieval times. It could prevent a Legilimens from accessing one's thoughts and feelings or influencing them. Effective against Imperius Curse and Veritaserum too.Use `/menu` (advanced) for more info.",
"Oppugno:Causes targeted objects to attack a victim.",
"Orb of Water:Also known as Hydrokinetic Spell. A charm that could trap an opponent in a large sphere of water. The spell required continuous sculpting and spinning to be maintained. A lack of concentration would cause the sphere to collapse.",
"Orbis:Sucks the target into the ground.",
"Orchideous:Conjures a bouquet of flowers or flowers in general.",
"Oscuasi:Seal someone's mouth shut. It makes it appear like a mouth was never there.",
"Papyrus Reparo:Mends torn pieces of paper.",
"Patented Daydream Charm:Gives the spell caster a highly-realistic 30-minute daydream. Side effects include mild drooling and a vacant expression.",
"Partis Temporus:Creates a temporary gap in the target. Helpful against Fiendfyre and Firestorm and Orb of Water.",
"Pepper Breath:Gives the victim fiery hot breath.",
"Per Motus:Spell conjures an omni-directional shockwave to stun all opponents in a small radius.",
"Periculum:Produces a burst of red sparks.",
"Permanent Sticking Charm:Sticks objects permanently in place.",
"Petrificus Totalus:Used to temporarily bind the victim's body in a position much like that of a soldier at attention. The victim will usually fall to the ground.",
"Piertotum Locomotor:A spell that could be used to bring inanimate objects to life. Used to animate statues and suits of armour.",
"Piscifors:Transforms the target into fish.",
"Placement Charm:Magically places an object in or on a specific location.",
"Point Me:Makes the caster's wand point due north towards a desired location or target.",
"Portus:Turns an object into a portkey.",
"Prior Incantato:Prior Incantato was a charm that forced a wand to show an "echo" of the last spell it had performed. Priori Incantatem (otherwise known as the *reverse spell effect*) was an especially rare manifestation of this spell that occurred when two wands with the same core (that was taken from the same animal) attempted to duel each other. The winner's wand forced the loser's wand to produce "echoes" of the most recent spells performed in reverse order.",
"Protean Charm:Causes copies of an object to be remotely affected by changes made to the original. Use `/menu` (advanced) to learn more.",
"Pullus:Transforms things into chickens.",
"Protego:Invisible shield that reflects spells and blocks physical entities.",
"Protego Diabolica:Conjures a protective ring of black fire around the caster that only affects their enemies. Use `/menu` (advanced) to learn more.",
"Protego Horribilis:A powerful shield charm against dark magic.",
"Protego Maxima:A powerful shield charm against dark magic. A stronger and bigger version of Protego (especially when combined with other wizards casting it at the same time). Was so powerful that it could also disintegrate people that came too close and tried to enter it.",
"Protego Totalum:Protects an area for an extended period of time.",
"Pus Squirting Spell:Causes yellowish goo to squirt from one's nose.",
"Quietus:Makes a target sound quieter. It is the counter-charm to the Amplifying Charm (Sonorus)."
